I'm curious...
about you.
Why are you bothering me?
Just show me your cue sheet.
I'll return it when I'm done.
- You wanted the proposal. - It doesn't matter.
Just hand over everything.
Why didn't we just say hello?
You're looking good since you moved under Lee Gang.
- Are you happy? - Of course not.
I want to kill him.
We worked all night yesterday too.
Hey,
why didn't you recruit me to your team?
It was so nice not doing any work.
What? You're disgusting.
Just hurry up and bring me the cue sheet.
Hold on. It's in the booth.
Is this where I jump to the bridge?
Yes. I already highlighted it.
Hey. What are you two doing?
We're preparing for the show.
At this hour?
I've been helping him with this and that.
The writer and the DJ are like one person.
One person?
Can you write down how I should react here?
Okay.
What? They spent the night together?
Ji Soo Ho is working really hard.
They were looking at the script in the booth.
- Did they sleep together? - Hey!
What nonsense are you saying?
Song Geu Rim, you impertinent thing.
Don't you know the rumor?
Something always happens...
if you spend a night in the booth together.
Don't jinx them.
Wait. Song Geu Rim and La La Hee...
Who had more listeners?
Our lives would be easier if Ms. La won.
I know.
I vote for Geu Rim.
Of course, we won. We have Mr. Namaste.
- Namaste. - Namaste.
Everyone,
KBC performed a special research...
to get listener ratings on the two shows.
Is this steep straight line...
really for a radio show at our station?
Now.
Is it Ji Soo Ho's "Radio Romance"?
Or, is it Jay's "Let's Meet at 6PM"?
What will it be?
Ji Soo Ho!
Okay.
We agreed that the loser will work on Sundays too.
It's best to work...
on holidays.
Too bad. Our team will have to go on a trip.
- Sure. - Right.
We'll use Sung Woo's booth starting next show.
- You? - Really?
Did you get his permission?
Namaste.
Hey! Everything is great,
but let's get just one show recorded.
No way.
Hey!
Gosh. I just can't hate him.
By the way, where is Geu Rim?
I'm not sure.
Let's just keep this up.
Soo Ho, what did you mean by that?
What do you mean you're curious?
That's you what you said to me earlier.
What are you curious about?
Well...
Gosh.
Are you serious?
Why are you always eating my food?
Don't be so cheap.
Here. You can have this.
Thank you.
Soo Ho, thanks to you,
we had the highest listener rating.
It's nothing.
That's why we must go somewhere today.
Let's go!
You really won't come with us?
No. I have a shoot tomorrow.
- I have to prepare... - We need you there.
- Why? - We're getting a sponsor.
We need your face.
I said no.
Why not?
What kind of a show would you do in there?
You sly thing you.
Did you think I'd let you if you bring Ji Soo Ho?
How nice would it be if he did the show...
in your booth?
Our ratings were awesome.
Also,
if Ji Soo Ho does a show in your booth,
he can get tips from you.
Also, if Ji Soo Ho does a show in your booth,
he'd play the records, so my job gets easier...
I'm sorry.
Come on.
It's been a dream to do a show in your booth.
If you'd lend us your booth,
it means I totally succeeded, right?
Please,
give it to us to celebrate...
Ji Soo Ho entering the world of radio.
The living legend's booth.
Soo Ho, why don't you say something too?
Why do you want to do it in my booth?
I don't want to.
I don't care even if it isn't your booth.
All booths are the same.
I'll lend it to you.
What?
But go hiking with me every day.
What do you mean?
You say all booths are the same,
so I'll teach you that they are not.
Use my booth starting your next show.
You promised!
Yes.
Come on!
I'm overwhelmed with a sense of betrayal.
What, punk?
Going hiking together...
is stage three of your friendship.
Why did you invite him to go hiking already?
He's cute.
He's a newbie who doesn't even know...
how important the space is in radio.
I should teach him.
Come on!
Why don't you teach me like that?
The Ji Soo Ho effect is incredible.
We never fail if you're there.
Forget it.
Now that we got the venue sponsored,
let's go for the next sponsorship.
I'll go now.
Then let's do this.
Whoever gets it in decides, okay?
Forget it.
Forget what? This is a world of competitions.
Are you not athletic?
Yes.
Here. Here. Throw this out properly.
Where are we going?
We should give a gift to the listeners too.
What gift? It's freezing.
Excuse us.
- Hello. - Hello.
Hello.
Are you the owner of All Natural Labs?
You wrote to our radio show.
Yes.
I'm Lee Gang, the production director.
You conducted research on skincare for all ages,
but people of all ages shunned you...
The person...
who can't even afford ramyeon because of debt...
I hate when people say suffering is good for you.
I work all night, but the debt piles up.
Forget buying a house.
I can't even pay this month's rent.
(Let's break up.)
Reality is, if you dream, you become a fool.
But there are many fools like me...
who write to radio stations.
But...
I can't live as a fool any longer.
I ran out of funds for the research.
We'll buy your cosmetics...
from our show.
You have the operation budget, right?
Sponsors come knocking because of Soo Ho.
Why would we pay...
Ji Soo Ho and we support for All Natural Labs.
We support you.
We'll market you to our listeners too.
Who will? Ji Soo Ho will.
Also, I heard yesterday...
that failures can become successes.
Don't give up. We're cheering for you.
- We're cheering for you. - My patient...
still refuses therapy...
and suffers from chronic insomnia.
As a result of...
leading only fake relationships...
demanded by the visible world...
rather than real relationships,
he fears showing his true self...
and refuses to do so.
There has been a notable change recently.
Rather than due to circumstances,
he has made different choices due to a person.
I will monitor those decisions...
and changes.
I guess you can't control Soo Ho anymore.
I believe he is with the radio team.
Exactly.
Soo Ho doesn't hang out with people,
but he's doing just that.
Isn't it strange?
Still,
he seems to have opened his heart...
Exactly.
That's strange.
You understand, don't you?
Yes, ma'am.
You may go.
Hello. I sent Jin Tae Ri.
Did you see her?
Yes.
I'm always well.
Jin Tae Ri,
I never see you on TV anymore.
Oh, my. It's not like I'm "never" on TV.
You're not good enough to be the model...
for our refrigerator commercial.
Oh, my. If you say I'm not good enough...
to my face like that,
should I reply by saying,
"Yes, I am good enough"?
You should know better.
Am I good enough to shoot the commercial...
for your fridge?
The rumors were true.
Mr. Baldy, you say,
"The rumors were true."
What rumors do you mean?
You have no fear, do you?
You're so unpopular...
that you were sent here!
I'm better than you jerks who called me here.
- What? - Think about it.
Losers who can't even win over...
an unpopular actress like me.
Why you little...
Hey!
Hey. Let go!
Who do you think you are?
How dare a has-been act like a top star?
Hey, Mr. Kim.
What brings you here?
This kid is with you, right?
I'm not your kid!
Be quiet.
Come out.
My apologies.
If our kid made a mistake, please forgive her.
If she was rude, please be understanding.
How dare that cheap little...
Keep a close eye on her!
People like that will stab you in the back.
Yes, sir. Let me pour you a drink.
But, sir.
Will you have our kid do the commercial?
Are you insane?
Who would hire someone like her?
Exactly.
If you weren't even going to hire her,
why did you hit...
and grab a girl by her hair?
Yes, sir.
I'll pay the check.
Good night.
Mister.
So give it to me quickly.
I'll use Soo Ho in every way possible.
I know his past,
and you have the evidence.
Where are you going now?
We have to work all night at the studio.
And here's the revised script.
This seems to be...
the only method I have right now.
(Ji Soo Ho's Radio Romance)
Newbie, let's go.
Good night, Soo Ho.
But...
why do you call Geu Rim "Newbie" again?
Isn't she the main writer?
There's another newbie, so it gets confusing.
Why is it confusing?
I call only Geu Rim "Newbie".
Plus, that newbie writer quit, I think.
I can't reach her.
Still, please don't call her "Newbie".
- She's the main... - But you treat her...
like she's a newbie.
Although of course, differently than I do.
What do you mean?
You ignore her scripts and make her run errands.
You treat our main writer like a newbie.
Okay, then. We'll go now. See you tomorrow.
She and I will stay together tonight.
Geu Rim!
Can we talk?
I have a photo shoot out of town tomorrow.
Yes, I know. I heard it ends at 2pm.
What if I'm late for the live show?
Pardon?
I can't be late,
so I want to use term four of the Geu Rim contract.
(Song Geu Rim can't refuse Ji Soo Ho's request.)
I need you to drive me tomorrow.
Am I your driver or something?
So, you can't stay with Mr. Lee tonight.
You'll have to go home and sleep...
so that you can drive safely tomorrow.
I'll take care of it.
What if our ratings go down again...
after we give away so many gifts?
Isn't it odd?
Why is JH sponsoring us, instead of their son?
Don't worry about useless things,
and get our ratings up.
Got that?
Good work with today's show.
Are you mocking me?
I wasn't...
What exactly is your role on that team?
Pardon?
Ji Soo Ho's team writes the script, right?
So what exactly do you do as a writer?
Do you think you got top ratings because of you?
It's infuriating how they make...
just anyone a main writer.
Ji Soo Ho's team writes the script, right?
So what exactly do you do as a writer?
(Failures become hits)
(Ji Soo Ho's Radio Romance)
(Mom)
Hello, Mother.
Hello? Soo Ho?
It's Geu Rim.
I know.
- The script... - The script...
How was it?
Well... I didn't get to study it enough...
to use it for the show tomorrow, so...
It's okay. At least you read it.
Okay.
- Okay, then. - What?
Are you hanging up already?
Then... What else should I do?
Soo Ho.
I really want to write a good script.
If I write it well,
you will use my script for your show one day.
Right?
Right.
So, the DJ must speak with...
the writer the most.
I'm the one who writes...
what you want to say into the mic.
Although I don't yet.
Don't you find that offensive?
Pardon?
The fact that I don't use your script for the show.
It is a bit infuriating, but I have no choice.
That means I must write an incredibly good script.
It upsets me,
but I'm not good enough to write it.
But come to think of it,
I'm not angry at you, but at myself,
for being unable to write.
I have a question.
This is a personal question.
Why don't you carry a cell phone?
Why would I carry a cell phone?
I have no one to call.
Pardon?
There's no one who would call me.
Your selfishness knows no bounds.
Why don't you have anyone to call?
Me. Mr. Lee. Your manager. You should call us.
And why is there no one who would call you?
When I get stuck while writing...
and wonder what you like or what words you use,
you can answer my calls.
Soo Ho.
Can't you get a cell phone?
And if I do?
If I do,
are you going to call every day?
Pardon?
Are you home?
Yes. I'm home.
You should sleep early.
You have to drive tomorrow.
What?
Gosh.
That's great.
Soo Ho, this way.
It looks great.
You can pose naturally.
That's perfect!
Yes, that's the look.
Yes, you look beautiful.
Beautiful, beautiful.
Gosh! It's so good.
Okay. We'll continue after a lunch break.
Yes. I'm actually nearby.
Is it all right if I pay a visit?
Okay, sure. Okay.
Soo Ho,
how many more hours do you have to shoot?
I have to go somewhere.
I'll take the car and make it fast.
Are you telling me to get off?
Ready, go.
- Goodbye, my friend - Goodbye, my friend
- When the foghorn sounds - When the foghorn sounds
- Will you cry for me - Will you cry for me
- Without anyone knowing? - Without anyone knowing?
Is Sang Goo the only one graduating?
What will happen to them?
We'll merge with another nearby school.
We had two kids in graduating class,
but Sang Goo is the only one to graduate.
Where is he right now?
Are you a reporter?
Get lost.
What?
Are you here to write a story?
We had some come by yesterday.
Sang Goo.
Are you throwing a tantrum...
because you don't want to graduate?
Why are you doing that?
It's none of your business.
Go away. Go!
Why do you...
keep showing up in front of me?
Why must I tell you that?
If you don't want to do it, just leave.
Leave. Please.
Hey.
You remind me of someone.
This is Gyo Min.
He was supposed to graduate with Sang Goo.
Unfortunately, he will never graduate.
I couldn't tell the kids,
so I told them he went to Seoul for treatment.
I didn't want them to get shocked.
However,
I didn't know they would wait so long for him.
That's why Sang Goo won't graduate...
until his friend returns.
He's being difficult.
Director,
did you get Ms. Nam's call?
What is this?
What's going on?
What do you think?
Move.
Da Seul, I'm sorry.
JH Entertainment...
asked for some changes.
Are you kidding me?
That's ridiculous. We're on different levels.
Do you want to die?
Hey!
Why are you always up on my case?
What do you have against me?
Yes, I hate you.
You're not that pretty,
nor is your acting good.
I'm mad that you're doing so well.
So?
There must be a reason why you're doing poorly.
Listen.
I've had it up to here with my patience.
That means, keep that mouth shut.
You little...
- Let go! Hey! - No!
No, it's not looking good.
Why do you keep doing things your way?
That's what you're doing.
You agreed on the radio,
then made mistakes on air.
That's why I had no other choice.
I'm busy right now.
I'm hanging up.
Will it be all right?
Have you already talked to Ji Soo Ho?
He has a daily radio show...
It's okay.
He'll make it work...
according to the schedule.
(Appearance Contract)
(JH Entertainment)
(Ji Soo Ho)
Okay, this way.
Show the product to us.
That's sexy. Yes.
Soo Ho, look more sexy.
Yes, that's perfect.
One more time while looking at the camera.
Okay. Good work.
Soo Ho.
Why do you keep ignoring me?
There must be a reason why, right?
Can you ignore me too?
You're finally talking to me.
My appearance must have been shocking.
What is your plan?
Why are you doing this?
Soo Ho, we have to get along.
Don't be like that to me.
It's easy for me to act like we get along.
Right.
You're a good actor.
Is that all you need?
What? That's what Ms. Nam would say.
"Is that all you need?"
You sound like a real family.
Don't they?
Yes, of course.
I'm at his shoot,
so don't worry.
Gosh. You're sure talking big.
You better stick to him like glue...
and bring him back on time.
We'll come back to Seoul right away.
Don't worry.
Hey, what about Crazy Gang?
Is this what you're giving out today?
Yes.
No guests again?
Just Soo Ho for two hours?
You should try not to rely on idols and gifts.
How about focusing on the true value of radio?
Do you think you're the only one...
who knows the true value?
Are you saying everything else...
is wrong?
Why do we use idols?
Why do we spend money on the gifts?
Yes, why do you?
It's such a cheap trick.
That's how you ruin radio.
Ruin radio?
We have to attract the younger generation.
The world has changed.
You can't target the preexisting group.
What about in the future?
I'll say what you say to remind you.
If we want radio to live on...
while this earth is alive and breathing,
then we must attract the younger generation.
We have to show them...
that we have contents that they like,
and that radio is great!
You're right.
What?
What you said is right.
I'll consider it.
Thank you, my friend.
Also, don't touch my table, jerk.
We have to go back to Seoul now.
You go ahead. I'll go with Ms. Song.
Tae Ri, you can go ahead.
Just ignore me instead.
Ji Soo Ho, get on.
[VIU Ver] KBS2 E06 Radio Romance "Don't You Remember Me?"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Heavy snowfall warning...
has been issued for Gangwon Province.
Many accidents...
- have roads congested. - This is no good.
According to the meteorologist,
the snow clouds from Seoul...
is heading to Gangwon Province.
Snow will get heavier after 3pm.
The snow is expected to continue tonight.
Next on the news.
(Seoul 125km)
(Accident Ahead)
Darn it.
Mr. Lee. What should we do?
There must have been an accident.
The bridge is blocked,
and we're trapped.
So you can't come?
Tell me. Yes or no?
I can't be certain, but probably not.
Hey. You have a recording, right?
You must have at least one back-up, right?
Hey, Geu Rim.
You told me not to worry and that...
- you'd bring him! - Hi.
Can you send a broadcast van from Chuncheon?
Hey, Geu Rim.
Do you really want to get fired?
Where are you?
We will go on air today, no matter what.
Get yourself to a nearby station somehow.
We did plenty of mobile broadcasts, right?
Get your act together.
You'll work out of a broadcast van.
- What about you? - I'll be in Seoul.
You'll need to rewrite the script.
You can do it, right?
This is the opening and what I wrote about...
the Dongil Elementary graduation.
Mr. Lee. I have a good idea.
Yes, Mr. Lee.
Okay, Newbie.
We'll broadcast in parts as you said,
but you're in charge there, okay?
Yes, sir.
Set it up in an hour.
The story is good today, so trust yourself.
Let me talk to Soo Ho.
Soo Ho...
Soo Ho.
You told me not to call Geu Rim "Newbie," right?
You said you were a pro, right?
So? What are you getting at?
Please treat Geu Rim like a main writer today.
We have to broadcast from there today.
I won't condone any mistakes.
I won't make any mistakes. Don't you make any either.
It'll work out.
Here.
You're shaking.
I'm not shaking from the cold.
Exactly.
Tell me what I can do right now. I'll do it.
We need to broadcast live from here, right?
Yes.
And you and I must do it somehow.
So let's get our acts together, not shake,
and do what we must.
Okay. What should I do first?
Then...
Well...
I... I need your help.
(Dongil Elementary School Graduation)
I need to write the script within an hour.
It'll be about this school's graduation.
Please interview Sang Goo, the last graduate.
He's similar to you, so you'll probably get along.
Aren't you going to stop me?
- Will that stop you? - No.
Then do it.
What's your deal?
Why do you keep following me around?
You're with that poodle hair woman, right?
You really are similar to someone.
What? Get lost!
Did you say stuff like that to your friend too?
What?
Did you wish he wouldn't go,
so you pushed him away,
telling him to leave?
Go!
Just go to Seoul by yourself!
How did you know?
I know.
But...
he won't come back.
People who won't come back will never return.
(Ji Soo Ho's Radio Romance)
(Dongil Elementary School Graduation)
Hi.
- Where's Sang Goo? - He said he'd come first.
He must've gone to his teacher.
I couldn't do this.
That's fine.
The script...
May I look at it with you?
Get the song list exactly right.
Yes, sir. I did.
Support us. Thanks.
The equipment is okay, right?
Sang Goo is missing.
He suddenly came and asked for Gyo Min's address.
He asked where in Seoul he moved to.
He just left.
I thought he'd be back soon.
What do we do?
I based the script on him.
I don't think we can do the show today.
- I'll call Mr. Lee... - Wait.
Let me look for him a little more.
Did you...
tell Sang Goo about Gyo Min?
He went to Seoul to get treatment,
but he never came back.
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have said what I said.
However, it's the truth.
Don't wait for someone who won't come back.
However,
there are people who want to return,
but are unable to.
Someone said this to me long time ago.
"Just because you're not crying..."
"doesn't mean you're not sad."
"Just because you're smiling..."
"doesn't mean you're happy."
You're still...
small, weak, and young.
If you keep holding in your tears,
you'll end up like me.
He said he'd be back after his trip to Seoul.
He promised to return...
before the graduation.
He told me to wait.
He promised.
But I told him to go.
I told him I wouldn't wait.
That's what I said.
I feel like he's not returning...
because I told him to leave.
That...
That really...
aches my heart.
Should I wait for him...
instead of graduating?
Or...
can I graduate?
I'm waiting for him to tell me.
Do you want me to help you ask him?
You can ask him yourself.
How?
Through the radio.
He'll be listening to you.
How many minutes do we have left?
10 minutes.
Mr. Lee.
Hun Jung, get ready to go on air.
Pardon?
Okay.
Microphone test. 1, 2, 3.
This is Ji Soo Ho's Radio Romance.
1, 2, 3. 2, 2, 3.
Cue.
I was sending...
a signal with my flashlight.
How long were you doing that for?
Up until now,
maybe about 10,000 times?
I told him to come back soon.
We should hold hands and do it together.
Just like how we planted the plants together...
and how we played soccer together.
We should graduate together too.
I wanted to apologize...
for telling him to leave.
I actually wanted to ask him not to go.
This is Ji Soo Ho's Radio Romance.
Yes, we're receiving stories.
You can upload it on our bulletin board.
This is Ji Soo Ho's Radio Romance.
- We're receiving stories. - Yes, go ahead.
Thank you.
This is Ji Soo Ho's Radio Romance.
Yes.
(Do you have any last comments?)
Do you have anything else you want to say?
Please help our school...
to keep running.
I won't graduate.
If I'm not here...
and if the school is gone,
my friend has nowhere to come back to.
We promised to graduate together.
If I graduate alone,
I would be breaking our promise.
(Lastly, a special song from the children.)
Ji Soo Ho's Radio Romance.
We have a special song for our ending.
The children of Dongil Elementary School...
will sing Sanulrim's "Goodbye".
- Goodbye, my friend - Goodbye, my friend
- When the foghorn sounds - When the foghorn sounds
- Will you cry for me - Will you cry for me
- Without anyone knowing - Without anyone knowing
- When everyone is asleep? - When everyone is asleep?
- Goodbye - No!
- My love - My love
This is so sad.
- When the stars twinkle - When the stars twinkle
- Will you say it for me - Will you say it for me
- Without anyone knowing - Without anyone knowing
- That I went far away - That I went far away
- While crying? - While crying?
Soo Ho.
You don't have to follow the script for the ending.
Say what you want for the closing.
What?
I didn't write this by myself today.
We made today's show together.
It would be great if you said what you wanted.
I heard this on the radio once.
"Just because you're not crying..."
"doesn't mean you're not sad."
"Just like how smiling..."
"doesn't mean you're happy."
"Just because you're not crying..."
"doesn't mean you're not sad."
"Just like how smiling..."
"doesn't mean you're happy."
A friend of mine said this to me...
one day.
Ji Soo Ho's Radio Romance.
We'll end today on that note.
Hey, Mr. Lee.
Yes?
The bulletin board...
(Ji Soo Ho is a murderer!)
We got this a few days ago too.
(Ji Soo Ho is a murderer.)
Yes, so...
The guest I'm in charge of...
will get into a relationship...
he never experienced before.
I have no idea how he'll react.
I'm so curious.
Aren't you?
Where did Soo Ho go?
I'm not sure. Maybe to the men's room?
Hey, when did you two get so close?
What's the secret?
He said he's the same as me.
He doesn't want someone to leave.
He also told someone to leave.
Do you know who that is?
Those who won't come back won't ever come back.
That's what he said.
He must be waiting for someone too.
Also...
You should go home.
I gave you my number, right?
Call me if you come to Seoul.
Let's go. You should go too.
Are you telling me to go or not?
I mean it this time.
Congratulations on your graduation.
Right.
Where should I hang this?
Where did you hang your diploma?
I don't have one.
(Woo Ji Woo)
(Graduation Certificate, Name: Ji Soo Ho)
I'm so happy.
I had a dream making these baby steps.
You read my manuscript today.
I took my first step in my dream.
My first stamp on radio listeners.
Soo Ho, thank you so much.
I'm curious about something.
- What is it? - It's about your closing.
"Just because you're not crying..."
"doesn't mean you're not sad."
"Just like how smiling..."
"doesn't mean you're happy."
It's my favorite line.
Where did you hear it from?
When I look at things like this,
I think we have a little in common. Right?
When I was really young,
I suffered a fever for three days.
However,
neither of my parents knew.
Isn't it funny?
Not at all.
Why are you laughing when it's not funny?
Whenever I'm sick,
my mom taps on my back like this.
It makes my heart melt.
I don't feel sick anymore when she does this.
I heard this on the radio once.
"Just because you're not crying..."
"doesn't mean you're not sad."
"Just like how smiling..."
"doesn't mean you're happy."
Song Geu Rim.
Don't you...
remember me?